Date: Fri, 30 Dec 2022 09:52:39 -0800
From: Brett Bash <brettbash@brettbash.com>
To: Amber Estorga <info@foregalsgolf.com>
Subject: Website Staging Link
Message-ID: <20221230175239.hte75gj74zkwnzdl@Bretts-MBP>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=utf-8; format=flowed
Content-Disposition: inline

Hi Amber,

Appologies I was unfortuate and got Covid for Christmas then had to deal
with canceled flights.

I have the staging site ready for you! https://fore-gals-golf.myshopify.com/
Pass: foregals

Below are some of my notes.

1. Membership
The Join page links out to the link from the FFG Instagram profile. As
it looks, this is a 3rd party registration where to then add to the
website would have to be manual on your end. Or if the current
registration offers a call-back URL that redirects the user back to the
site, then I can easily have a registration page on the site with a form that the user can fill out.

Let me know if that sounds like the direction you are wanting to go
there and I can look into the call-back URL. If it doen't offer
something like that, then they'll have to be manually added on the new
site.

Also the membership system on the site can send out welcome emails. I
think it hooks out to MailChimp or another service like that.

2. Payment Gateway
This can be setup with Shopify Payments, Stripe, Paypal, Apple Pay. I'll
show you on the live site on where to connect this up.

3. Events
Registration links need to be added for the events.
January's Range Meetup and Golf Outing don't have the correct image as I
couldn't find them on Instagram.

4. Emails
Usually I hook this up using MailChimp with using a Form Builder. This
allows you to easliy create forms for retreats, events, general
newsletter. Another alternative is to use Typeform embeds.
I noticed you have a Sumo account, I don't have much experience with
them, but it seems they have a Shopify app. If you want to utilize Sumo,
I can install and configure the app to your Sumo account. I'm not fully
sure on the different form fields that can be had or different kinds of
forms with Sumo.

5. Instagram Feed
This is setup to load at the bottom on the home page, I just need the
correct logins to Instagram still to get this loading.

5. Products
The reviews are left by customers who purchased the item. This prevents
fake reviews or spam.

Let me know what you think, if you have any questions, and if there is any tweaks or content changes.
